here's some thoughts about my life(i.e. research) as well as skillsets and mindsets for a (computer graphics) master student in szu.

I.why these exist?
Out of the a few advices that I found helpful from my advisor"research should be logical."writing logically is the one that I've always 
wanted to try,but stuck with the emptyness in my head. Now since I've came to a milestone where I came to szu as a cg master student, it's 
a good opportunity to write more,even if it's not my paper.just write something.
I intended this to be something to update from time to time.
An enormous part of a master student life is undoubtedly to learn different techniques dedicated for an ultimate problem.For most,especially
for beginners, a puzzling thing is the huge amount of existing practices that you might need to get familiar with.If you just glimpse through
them, you might be frustrated by the subtle differences among them. As a master student, it's your duty to at least get familiar with these
different technologies but sometimes, you find yourself burried by some technical details, or you find something too easy to grasp while
overlooking its importance.

II.time management
A.learn to relax
Since my focus has been on the research for the whole time, I didn't pay much attention to these trivia and just picked whatever comes handy.
The main tool I used to relax myself during that time was youtube, for one I didn't really enjoy those videos. I just thought now I should 
relax, so these come handy, plus my English was not good enough to digest the content effortlessly like my Chinese(my native language), and 
I tried to really exercise my English with that.
As a consequence, those "relaxing" activities turned out wearing me out. A good example is, evertime after I spent my "leisure time", I could
never get enough and felt tired. This severely damaged my motives and energy for the serious work i.e., reserach.
B.plan your schedule like a pro
How to balance your work and life no doubt comes first to your time management skill. If finding the activity that can relax yourself the 
most is the ultimate goal for the "life" part, some strategies are also needed for the "work" part.
Unlike "life" part whose quality largely depends on your subjective feelings i.e., if you feel truely relaxed or not, the quality of the 
"work" part is usually meassured by some relatively objective metrics like productivity, the amout of tasks you get finished in the given 
amout of time etc,. Despite the fact that the concept of "productivity" is rather objective, how to be productive can be really mythical. 
As a consequence, in the past, I usually just mess around waiting for moment of concentration to come, and the result is usually undesirable.
So, just like you can find certain activities to make yourself relaxed, you can alse bridge the time from the moment when you should work to
the moment you turn productive.

III.reading papers
Reading is another gigantic part of master student's life. Instead of passively(often unwillingly)scanning through the content of each paper
(whose output for me is usually just the sense of minor achievement of being able to put the paper from "to-read" list to "have-read" list
without substantial knowledge gain(both technically and literarily)), I found it beneficial to ask why the author wrote this sentence? Often
times, this question can be answered even uncontiously(I think this is an ideal state of paper reading). This doesn't need you to be an 
expert as you're required to be if you were to review this paper, it's just based on the writing flow and technical facts present in the paper.

IV.do not jump into the conclusions




